refactor(select): Fix all syncing issues with the Select component (#2983)
Workday/canvas-kit: modules/react/combobox/stories/Combobox.mdx

Examples of a "combobox" would be date pickers, autocomplete, and select components.

## Combobox value restriction

A Combobox can either be either "constrained" or "arbitrary".

### Constrained

> A constrained combobox can only have a value from a set of values presented as options. The user can
> pick from these values, but cannot input a value outside the options provided. Constrained
> comboboxes use the [useComboboxInputConstrained](#usecomboboxinputconstrained) hook and often have
> two separate `input` elements.
> 
> - user input - This is the visible input. It should contain user-friend values. Calls to `.focus()`
>   or `.blur()` are redirected to this input. Any prop passed to the `*.Input` component that is not
>   directly related to forms will be passed here (i.e. `data-testid`, `aria-*`, etc).
> - form input - This input is only visible to forms. The `value` will usually be server IDs. If the
>   combobox options don't have an ID and only use user values, the value of this input will be the
>   same as the user input. Any prop related to the function of forms will be passed here. For
>   exampple, the `name` attribute will be passed here. The `ref` will pointed to this element.
> 
> ### Arbitrary
> 
> An arbitrary combobox allows the user to enter any value. The list of options are presented as
> suggestions and selecting an option will prefill the combobox with the value of the option. The user
> is still allowed to modify the combobox even after an option is entered. With arbitrary comboboxes,
> there is only one `input` element. Arbitrary combobox inputs should use the
> [useComboboxInputArbitrary](#usecomboboxinputarbirary) hook.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A constrained combobox can only have a value from a set of values presented as options. The user can
pick from these values, but cannot input a value outside the options provided. Constrained
comboboxes use the [useComboboxInputConstrained](#usecomboboxinputconstrained) hook and often have
two separate `input` elements.

- user input - This is the visible input and it should contain user-friendly values. Calls to `.focus()`
  or `.blur()` are redirected to this input. Any prop passed to the `*.Input` component that is not
  directly related to forms will be passed here (i.e. `data-testid`, `aria-*`, etc).
- form input - This input is only visible to forms and the `value` will usually be server IDs. If the
  combobox options don't have an ID and only use user values, the value of this input will be the
  same as the user input. Any prop related to the function of forms will be passed here. For
  example, the `name` attribute will be passed here. The `ref` will be pointed to this element.

### Arbitrary

An arbitrary combobox allows the user to enter any value. The list of options are presented as
suggestions and selecting an option will prefill the combobox with the value of the option. The user
is still allowed to modify the combobox even after an option is entered. With arbitrary comboboxes,
there is only one `input` element. Arbitrary combobox inputs should use the
[useComboboxInputArbitrary](#usecomboboxinputarbirary) hook.

```
